[DOC-228] Update documentation to reflect the new Ed-Fi Terminology Guidelines (#441)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/partners/1-badging/readme.md

# Ed-Fi Badges

Ed-Fi Badges allow product developers to demonstrate support for the Ed-Fi Data Standard
and Technology Suite, particularly in areas that are not yet covered by an [Ed-Fi
Certification](../certification).

> Many products that use Ed-Fi Data Standardized APIs or integrate natively with Ed-Fi

Reviewer: Oops 👎 😆 
```suggestion
Many products that use the Ed-Fi Data Standard or integrate natively with Ed-Fi
```
